

=head1 Simulation

Model is very important. It must be as detailed as possible but not more...

In this model I will borrow a litle from HLA IEEE 1516 but not RTI. 

The simulation will be made of objects that will affect each other via interactions just like High Level Architecture
does.

Areas that were optional in HLA here will be base feature.

=head2 Area

Position of object is not important for simulation but area that object come interaction with. Area is the maximum range
that any objects may recieve or want to interact HLA simulation designers already knew that and introduced that as part
of standard.

=head3 Rectangle

       (x0,y1)  (x1,y1)
          ---------
         |         |
         |         |
         |         |
          ---------
      (x0,y0)     (x1,y0)

It was easy to use rectangle for simulation. It can be defined by only four numbers and it is trivial to define its overlaping.

Planes overlap each other if at least one of vertex is above lower vertex of second plane and below upper vertex corners. 

     for $rect1.toVertex -> $vertex {
       $rect2.x[0] <= $vertex.x >= $rect.x[1];
       $rect2.y[0] <= $vertex.y >= $rect.y[1];
     }

=head3 Target
             
Target is special area of simulation that will match single object. I hope storing references will not give worse 
performance than using ObjAt. Anyway it will be easy to override overlap method... especilly if C<eqv> will start
working on complex objects without any effort.

=head3 Family

Type will target all objects of given type


=head3 Wildcard

    *****
    *****
    *****

Wildcard is B<Area> that allows to interact with all objects.  

=head2 Object 

     "It is going to be quite some time before stone notices its disfiguring skin disease
     and starts to scratch, which is just as well."
     ― Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites

Object can have attributes, object can create interactions, object can subscribe interactions.
Creator can receive affected object list.

=head2 Interaction

Interaction is small object with data that is dispatched to all interested objects. Will return to creator with
list of objects that were affected by it. This will allow find_object interaction.
 
=head3 Subscribe

Subscription should not contain areas due to it can change a lot during simulation. Area is argument of notify method.

=head1 Use cases

=head2 8 queens problem

Objects: tiles of chessboard

Every chessboard tile can have three states Free, Attacked and Hetman on

Player actor is deciding when to end.

Interactions: place queen, attack_fields, find_free

Player place_queen in random space. All attacked fields are marked. New queen is taking place until no free fields
are present.

=head2 Lane Assisstant

It may be great fun to check whether earlier changing lane to one that right direction can be taken will reduce traffic jam.

Objects: car, lane, traffic light

Intearctions: light change, move?
     
=head2 Imperfect World

Objects: People of various kinds(lazy,diligent, requiring motivation), goverments 
     
Interactions: ??? work, reproduction, efficency
